# A note on using the scripts present in this directory

There are three scripts in this directory. One, `create-role-with-scopes.sh`, is used to create role for a selected organization ( or a `ocpAdmin` who does not need to be associated with an organization). Second, `create-user-with-attributes.sh` is used to associate a Practitioner or a Patient with the created role allowing you to login to the OCP UI. Third, `add-role-as-member-of-scope.sh` is used to add additional scopes to a existing role for OCP UI.

Note: At the moment, once a role is created for an organization, we do not support editing or deleting the role. However, you may change the `create-role-with-scopes.sh` script to add more scopes for a role before creating a new one. Further, you can also add additional scopes to an existing role using the script `add-role-as-member-of-scope.sh`. When you attempt to create a new role that's already present, the script simply exits.

## Steps
1.  Run the script using Git Bash: `./create-role-with-scopes.sh`. Creating each role takes a few minutes.  Be patient while the script finishes. You may create all of the desired roles one-by-one at this stage. 
2.	Next, run `./create-user-with-attributes.sh`. Begin by creating OCP Admin. Enter First Name, Last Name, Email, User Name, Password (be sure to remember the user name and password). For the role scope, enter `ocp.role.ocpAdmin` and then select resource type as 3 (NONE).
3.	Login to OCP UI as OCP Admin. Go ahead and create Practitioners with any of the following roles: Care Coordinator, Care Manager, Org Administrator, Primary Care Provider, Benefits Specialist, Health Assistant and Front Office Receptionist. *Hint:* Write down the FHIR resource ID for each of the practitioners you create. The easiest way to find the IDs is to click on the “Edit” menu for the newly-created Practitioners and checking the URL.
4.	You may now create a login account for (any or all) Care Coordinator, Care Manager, Org Admin, Primary Care Provider, Benefits Specialist, Health Assistant and Front Office Receptionist role by  running `./create-user-with-attributes.sh`. Scopes to be used are `ocp.role.careCoordinator`, `ocp.role.careManager`, `ocp.role.organizationAdministrator`, `ocp.role.primaryCareProvider`, `ocp.role.benefitsSpecialist`, `ocp.role.healthAssistant` and `ocp.role.frontOfficeReceptionist`, respectively. When prompted, select the resource type as 1 (Practitioner), the Organization ID to which you want to associate the role and then, the designated FHIR ID of the Practitioner.
5.	If desired, you may now create a patient from OCP UI and write down the FHIR resource ID.
6.	Similar to the Step #4, create a login account for the Patient by running `./create-user-with-attributes.sh`. Scope to be used is `ocp.role.patient`. When prompted, select resource type as 2 (Patient), the Organization ID to which you want to associate the role and then, the designated FHIR ID of the Patient.
7.  At the end of Steps #4 and #6, you will be able to login to OCP UI using the login credentials that have specific role associated with them.
